Privacy Policy

No personal data will be collected by this application. No data will be given to any third party, under any circumstances. The application engages in no ad targeting, data mining, or other activities that may compromise your privacy.

سياسة الخصوصية

لن يقوم هذا التطبيق بجمع أي بيانات شخصية. ولن يتم تقديم أي بيانات لأي طرف ثالث تحت أي ظرف من الظروف. لا يقوم التطبيق باستهداف الإعلانات، أو استخراج البيانات، أو أي أنشطة أخرى قد تُعرّض خصوصيتك للخطر.

গোপনীয়তা নীতি

এই অ্যাপ্লিকেশনটির মাধ্যমে কোনো ব্যক্তিগত তথ্য সংগ্রহ করা হবে না। কোনো অবস্থাতেই কোনো তৃতীয় পক্ষকে কোনো তথ্য দেওয়া হবে না। অ্যাপ্লিকেশনটি বিজ্ঞাপন টার্গেটিং, ডেটা মাইনিং বা এমন কোনো কার্যকলাপে জড়িত নয় যা আপনার গোপনীয়তাকে বিঘ্নিত করতে পারে।

Política de Privadesa

Aquesta aplicació no recopilarà dades personals. No es proporcionarà cap dada a tercers, sota cap circumstància. L'aplicació no realitza cap activitat de segmentació d'anuncis, mineria de dades ni altres activitats que puguin comprometre la vostra privadesa.

隐私政策

本应用程序不会收集任何个人数据。在任何情况下，我们都不会将任何数据提供给任何第三方。本应用程序不会进行任何广告定向、数据挖掘或其他可能损害您隐私的活动。

隱私權政策

本應用程式不會收集任何個人資料。在任何情況下，我們都不會將任何資料提供給任何第三方。本應用程式不會進行任何廣告定向、資料探勘或其他可能損害您隱私的活動。

Pravila Privatnosti

Ova aplikacija neće prikupljati nikakve osobne podatke. Nijedan podatak neće biti dan trećim stranama, ni pod kojim okolnostima. Aplikacija ne provodi ciljano oglašavanje, rudarenje podataka ili druge aktivnosti koje mogu ugroziti vašu privatnost.

Zásady ochrany osobních údajů

Tato aplikace nebude shromažďovat žádné osobní údaje. Žádné údaje nebudou za žádných okolností poskytnuty žádné třetí straně. Aplikace se nezabývá cílením reklamy, dolováním dat ani jinými aktivitami, které by mohly ohrozit vaše soukromí.

Privatlivspolitik

Denne applikation indsamler ingen personlige data. Der videregives under ingen omstændigheder data til tredjeparter. Applikationen udfører ingen annoncemålretning, datamining eller andre aktiviteter, der kan kompromittere dit privatliv.

Privacybeleid

Deze applicatie verzamelt geen persoonlijke gegevens. Er worden onder geen enkele omstandigheid gegevens aan derden verstrekt. De applicatie maakt geen gebruik van gerichte advertenties, datamining of andere activiteiten die uw privacy in gevaar kunnen brengen.

Tietosuojakäytäntö

Tämä sovellus ei kerää henkilötietoja. Tietoja ei luovuteta kolmansille osapuolille missään olosuhteissa. Sovellus ei harjoita mainosten kohdentamista, tiedonlouhintaa tai muita toimintoja, jotka voivat vaarantaa yksityisyyttäsi.

Politique de Confidentialité

Aucune donnée personnelle ne sera collectée par cette application. Aucune donnée ne sera communiquée à des tiers, quelles que soient les circonstances. L'application ne pratique aucun ciblage publicitaire, aucune exploration de données 
ni aucune autre activité susceptible de compromettre votre vie privée.

Datenschutzrichtlinie

Diese Anwendung erhebt keine personenbezogenen Daten. Ihre Daten werden unter keinen Umständen an Dritte weitergegeben. Die Anwendung führt keine zielgerichtete Werbung, kein Data-Mining und keine anderen Aktivitäten durch, die Ihre 
Privatsphäre gefährden könnten.

Πολιτική Απορρήτου

Δεν θα συλλεχθούν προσωπικά δεδομένα από αυτήν την εφαρμογή. Δεν θα δοθούν δεδομένα σε τρίτους, υπό οποιεσδήποτε συνθήκες. Η εφαρμογή δεν εμπλέκεται σε καμία στόχευση διαφημίσεων, εξόρυξη δεδομένων ή άλλες δραστηριότητες που ενδέχεται να θέσουν σε κίνδυνο το απόρρητό σας.

ગોપનીયતા નીતિ

આ એપ્લિકેશન દ્વારા કોઈ વ્યક્તિગત ડેટા એકત્રિત કરવામાં આવશે નહીં. કોઈપણ સંજોગોમાં, કોઈપણ તૃતીય પક્ષને કોઈ ડેટા આપવામાં આવશે નહીં. આ એપ્લિકેશન કોઈપણ જાહેરાત લક્ષ્યીકરણ, ડેટા માઇનિંગ અથવા તમારી ગોપનીયતા સાથે ચેડા કરી શકે તેવી અન્ય પ્રવૃત્તિઓમાં સામેલ નથી.

מדיניות פרטיות

אפליקציה זו לא תאסוף מידע אישי. לא יימסר מידע לצד שלישי, בשום פנים ואופן. האפליקציה אינה עוסקת במיקוד פרסומות, כריית נתונים או פעילויות אחרות שעלולות לפגוע בפרטיותך.

प्राइवेसी पॉलिसी

यह एप्लिकेशन कोई पर्सनल डेटा इकट्ठा नहीं करेगा। किसी भी हालत में, किसी भी थर्ड पार्टी को कोई डेटा नहीं दिया जाएगा। यह एप्लिकेशन कोई ऐड टारगेटिंग, डेटा माइनिंग या ऐसी कोई दूसरी एक्टिविटी नहीं करता जिससे आपकी प्राइवेसी खतरे में पड़ सकती है।

Adatvédelmi Irányelvek

Ez az alkalmazás nem gyűjt személyes adatokat. Semmilyen körülmények között nem ad át adatokat harmadik félnek. Az alkalmazás nem végez célzott hirdetéseket, adatbányászatot vagy más olyan tevékenységet, amely veszélyeztetheti az Ön adatainak védelmét.

Kebijakan Privasi

Aplikasi ini tidak akan mengumpulkan data pribadi apa pun. Data apa pun tidak akan diberikan kepada pihak ketiga mana pun, dalam keadaan apa pun. Aplikasi ini tidak melakukan penargetan iklan, penambangan data, atau aktivitas lain yang dapat mengganggu privasi Anda.

Informativa sulla Privacy

Questa applicazione non raccoglie dati personali. Nessun dato verrà fornito a terzi, in nessuna circostanza. L'applicazione non effettua attività di targeting pubblicitario, data mining o altre attività che possano compromettere la tua privacy.

プライバシーポリシー

本アプリケーションは、個人データを一切収集しません。いかなる状況においても、第三者にデータを提供することはありません。本アプリケーションは、広告ターゲティング、データマイニング、その他お客様のプライバシーを侵害する可能性のある活動は一切行いません。

ಗೌಪ್ಯತಾ ನೀತಿ

ಈ ಅಪ್ಲಿಕೇಶನ್ ಯಾವುದೇ ವೈಯಕ್ತಿಕ ಡೇಟಾವನ್ನು ಸಂಗ್ರಹಿಸುವುದಿಲ್ಲ. ಯಾವುದೇ ಸಂದರ್ಭಗಳಲ್ಲಿ ಯಾವುದೇ ಮೂರನೇ ವ್ಯಕ್ತಿಗೆ ಯಾವುದೇ ಡೇಟಾವನ್ನು ನೀಡಲಾಗುವುದಿಲ್ಲ. ಅಪ್ಲಿಕೇಶನ್ ಯಾವುದೇ ಜಾಹೀರಾತು ಗುರಿ, ಡೇಟಾ ಗಣಿಗಾರಿಕೆ ಅಥವಾ ನಿಮ್ಮ ಗೌಪ್ಯತೆಗೆ ಧಕ್ಕೆಯುಂಟುಮಾಡುವ ಇತರ ಚಟುವಟಿಕೆಗಳಲ್ಲಿ ತೊಡಗುವುದಿಲ್ಲ.

개인정보 처리방침

이 애플리케이션은 어떠한 개인정보도 수집하지 않습니다. 어떠한 경우에도 수집된 개인정보는 제3자에게 제공되지 않습니다. 본 애플리케이션은 광고 타겟팅, 데이터 마이닝 또는 기타 개인정보를 침해할 수 있는 활동을 하지 않습니다.

Dasar Privasi

Tiada data peribadi akan dikumpul oleh aplikasi ini. Tiada data akan diberikan kepada mana-mana pihak ketiga, dalam apa jua keadaan. Aplikasi ini tidak terlibat dalam penyasaran iklan, perlombongan data atau aktiviti lain yang boleh menjejaskan privasi anda.

സ്വകാര്യതാ നയം

ഈ ആപ്ലിക്കേഷൻ ഒരു വ്യക്തിഗത ഡാറ്റയും ശേഖരിക്കില്ല. ഒരു സാഹചര്യത്തിലും മൂന്നാം കക്ഷികൾക്ക് ഡാറ്റ നൽകില്ല. നിങ്ങളുടെ സ്വകാര്യതയെ അപകടപ്പെടുത്തുന്ന പരസ്യ ടാർഗെറ്റിംഗ്, ഡാറ്റ മൈനിംഗ് അല്ലെങ്കിൽ മറ്റ് പ്രവർത്തനങ്ങളിൽ ആപ്ലിക്കേഷൻ ഏർപ്പെടുന്നില്ല.

गोपनीयता धोरण

या ॲप्लिकेशनद्वारे कोणताही वैयक्तिक डेटा गोळा केला जाणार नाही. कोणत्याही परिस्थितीत, कोणताही डेटा कोणत्याही तृतीय पक्षाला दिला जाणार नाही. हे ॲप्लिकेशन जाहिरात लक्ष्यीकरण, डेटा मायनिंग किंवा तुमच्या गोपनीयतेस बाधा आणू शकणाऱ्या इतर कोणत्याही प्रकारच्या कृतींमध्ये सहभागी होत नाही.

Personvernregler

Ingen personopplysninger vil bli samlet inn av denne applikasjonen. Ingen data vil bli gitt til noen tredjepart, under noen omstendigheter. Applikasjonen driver ikke med annonsemålretting, datautvinning eller andre aktiviteter som kan kompromittere personvernet ditt.

ଗୋପନୀୟତା ନୀତି

ଏହି ଆପ୍ଲିକେସନ୍ ଦ୍ୱାରା କୌଣସି ବ୍ୟକ୍ତିଗତ ତଥ୍ୟ ସଂଗ୍ରହ କରାଯିବ ନାହିଁ। କୌଣସି ପରିସ୍ଥିତିରେ କୌଣସି ତୃତୀୟ ପକ୍ଷକୁ କୌଣସି ତଥ୍ୟ ଦିଆଯିବ ନାହିଁ। ଆପ୍ଲିକେସନ୍ କୌଣସି ବିଜ୍ଞାପନ ଟାର୍ଗେଟିଂ, ଡାଟା ମାଇନିଂ କିମ୍ବା ଆପଣଙ୍କର ଗୋପନୀୟତାକୁ ବିପଦରେ ପକାଇପାରୁଥିବା ଅନ୍ୟାନ୍ୟ କାର୍ଯ୍ୟକଳାପରେ ନିୟୋଜିତ ନୁହେଁ।

Polityka Prywatności

Ta aplikacja nie będzie gromadzić żadnych danych osobowych. Żadne dane nie zostaną przekazane osobom trzecim, pod żadnym pozorem. Aplikacja nie wykorzystuje targetowania reklam, eksploracji danych ani innych działań, które mogłyby naruszyć Twoją prywatność.

Política de Privacidade

Esta aplicação não recolhe dados pessoais. Nenhum dado será fornecido a terceiros, em nenhuma circunstância. A aplicação não realiza publicidade direcionada, data mining ou outras atividades que possam comprometer a sua privacidade.

ਗੋਪਨੀਯਤਾ ਨੀਤੀ

ਇਸ ਐਪਲੀਕੇਸ਼ਨ ਦੁਆਰਾ ਕੋਈ ਨਿੱਜੀ ਡੇਟਾ ਇਕੱਠਾ ਨਹੀਂ ਕੀਤਾ ਜਾਵੇਗਾ। ਕਿਸੇ ਵੀ ਸਥਿਤੀ ਵਿੱਚ, ਕਿਸੇ ਵੀ ਤੀਜੀ ਧਿਰ ਨੂੰ ਕੋਈ ਡੇਟਾ ਨਹੀਂ ਦਿੱਤਾ ਜਾਵੇਗਾ। ਐਪਲੀਕੇਸ਼ਨ ਕਿਸੇ ਵੀ ਵਿਗਿਆਪਨ ਨੂੰ ਨਿਸ਼ਾਨਾ ਬਣਾਉਣ, ਡੇਟਾ ਮਾਈਨਿੰਗ, ਜਾਂ ਹੋਰ ਗਤੀਵਿਧੀਆਂ ਵਿੱਚ ਸ਼ਾਮਲ ਨਹੀਂ ਹੈ ਜੋ ਤੁਹਾਡੀ ਗੋਪਨੀਯਤਾ ਨਾਲ ਸਮਝੌਤਾ ਕਰ ਸਕਦੀਆਂ ਹਨ।

Politica de Confidențialitate

Această aplicație nu va colecta date personale. Nicio informație nu va fi transmisă niciunei terțe părți, în nicio circumstanță. Aplicația nu se implică în activități de direcționare publicitară, extragere de date sau alte activități care ar putea compromite confidențialitatea dumneavoastră.

Политика Конфиденциальности

Это приложение не собирает персональные данные. Никакие данные не будут переданы третьим лицам ни при каких обстоятельствах. Приложение не занимается таргетированием рекламы, сбором данных или другими действиями, которые могут поставить под угрозу вашу конфиденциальность.

Zásady Ochrany Osobných Údajov

Táto aplikácia nezhromažďuje žiadne osobné údaje. Žiadne údaje nebudú za žiadnych okolností poskytnuté žiadnej tretej strane. Aplikácia nevykonáva cielenú reklamu, dolovanie údajov ani iné aktivity, ktoré by mohli ohroziť vaše súkromie.

Pravilnik o Zasebnosti

Ta aplikacija ne bo zbirala nobenih osebnih podatkov. Nobeni podatki ne bodo posredovani tretjim osebam pod nobenim pogojem. Aplikacija ne izvaja ciljanja oglasov, rudarjenja podatkov ali drugih dejavnosti, ki bi lahko ogrozile vašo zasebnost.

Política de Privacidad

Esta aplicación no recopila datos personales. Bajo ninguna circunstancia se compartirán datos con terceros. La aplicación no realiza publicidad segmentada, minería de datos ni ninguna otra actividad que pueda comprometer su privacidad.

Integritetspolicy

Inga personuppgifter kommer att samlas in av den här applikationen. Inga uppgifter kommer att lämnas ut till någon tredje part, under några omständigheter. Applikationen använder sig inte av annonsinriktning, datautvinning eller andra aktiviteter som kan äventyra din integritet.

தனியுரிமைக் கொள்கை

இந்தச் செயலியால் எந்தவொரு தனிப்பட்ட தரவும் சேகரிக்கப்படாது. எந்தச் சூழ்நிலையிலும், எந்தவொரு மூன்றாம் தரப்பினருக்கும் தரவுகள் வழங்கப்படாது. இந்தச் செயலி, விளம்பர இலக்கு நிர்ணயம், தரவுச் சுரண்டல் அல்லது உங்கள் தனியுரிமையைப் பாதிக்கக்கூடிய பிற செயல்பாடுகளில் ஈடுபடுவதில்லை.

గోప్యతా విధానం

ఈ అప్లికేషన్ ద్వారా ఎలాంటి వ్యక్తిగత డేటా సేకరించబడదు. ఎట్టి పరిస్థితుల్లోనూ ఏ డేటా కూడా ఏ మూడవ పక్షానికి ఇవ్వబడదు. ఈ అప్లికేషన్ మీ గోప్యతకు భంగం కలిగించే ఎలాంటి ప్రకటన లక్ష్యీకరణ, డేటా మైనింగ్ లేదా ఇతర కార్యకలాపాలలో పాల్గొనదు.

นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว

แอปพลิเคชันนี้จะไม่เก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใดๆ และจะไม่เปิดเผยข้อมูลให้แก่บุคคลที่สามไม่ว่าในกรณีใดๆ แอปพลิเคชันนี้ไม่ได้ใช้เพื่อการกำหนดเป้าหมายโฆษณา การขุดค้นข้อมูล หรือกิจกรรมอื่นๆ ที่อาจละเมิดความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณ

Gizlilik Politikası

Bu uygulama tarafından hiçbir kişisel veri toplanmayacaktır. Hiçbir veri, hiçbir koşul altında üçüncü şahıslara verilmeyecektir. Uygulama, reklam hedefleme, veri madenciliği veya gizliliğinizi tehlikeye atabilecek diğer faaliyetlerde bulunmaz.

Політика Конфіденційності

Цей додаток не збиратиме жодних персональних даних. Жодні дані не будуть передані третім сторонам за жодних обставин. Додаток не займається таргетуванням реклами, аналізом даних чи іншими видами діяльності, які можуть поставити під загрозу вашу конфіденційність.

رازداری کی پالیسی

اس ایپلی کیشن کے ذریعے کوئی ذاتی ڈیٹا اکٹھا نہیں کیا جائے گا۔ کسی بھی حالت میں، کسی تیسرے فریق کو کوئی ڈیٹا نہیں دیا جائے گا۔ ایپلیکیشن کسی اشتہاری اہداف، ڈیٹا مائننگ، یا دیگر سرگرمیوں میں مشغول نہیں ہے جو آپ کی رازداری سے سمجھوتہ کر سکتی ہے۔

Chính sách bảo mật

Ứng dụng này không thu thập bất kỳ dữ liệu cá nhân nào. Dữ liệu sẽ không được cung cấp cho bất kỳ bên thứ ba nào, trong bất kỳ trường hợp nào. Ứng dụng không thực hiện nhắm mục tiêu quảng cáo, khai thác dữ liệu hoặc các hoạt động khác có thể xâm phạm quyền riêng tư của bạn.